Our store will have new models in the future.
Definitely the first coach
Okay, okay.
Take your time
OK
Hey, we don't have any unwanted paper shells here.
Hurry up, I'm here to buy clothes
Just you buy clothes.
Let me tell you something.
Go out of this place and turn right.
There is a night market over there
That dress suits you better.
It's all customer selection
I've never seen a store pick a customer
I'll take a fancy to your clothes line today.
There is no good reason for the door-to-door business.
But I can tell you
Every piece of clothing we have here.
The price is over 10,000.
I can't afford it no matter how expensive it is
Come with me!
Hey, don't get me dirty where I just mopped
The guest just now was not wearing anything.
Why should I wear it?
You don't even see who you are
That person is our VIP here.
brother
Here you go.
Hey, why are you still hitting people?
Just because you look down on people
Is that right? I won't entertain you today.
Get out get out